# YCSB Workloads

## Overview

We use YCSB [[1]](#md-ref-1) to reate a loading workload with 30M distinct insert requests, which is used to load the KV-table to different load factors. We create multiple 300K running workloads with insert/lookup/update/delete (or hybrid) requests, which are used for performance evaluation at different load factors. By default, the lookup/update requests in the running workloads follow default Zipfian distribution of θ = 0.99. The running workloads contain only legal requests, meaning they will not lookup/update/delete non-existent keys, nor insert existent keys. Some experiments also use running workloads with different ratios of illegal requests (Figure 11), or various request modes and distributions (Table III).  

All the YCSB workloads used in our paper can be found in the following [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZUKmtoi40vPkr0qxi1syRrciAjZJrYDu/view?usp=sharing). 

In this folder, we also provide 19 small sample workloads containing 64K requests with suffix `-64K`. These small workloads can be directly used to run the codes in this project by modfying file path in cpp files.

- `load.txt/load-64K.txt` contains 30M/64K insert requests, which can be used to conduct most experiments in our paper. 

- `run_xx.txt/run_xx-64K.txt` contains 3M/6.4K (10%) hybrid requests with different insert/query ratios respectively, which can be used to run the experiments on hybrid workloads (Figure 5 in Supplementary Materials).

- `run_workloada_xx.txt/run_workloada_xx-64K.txt` and `run_workloadd_xx.txt/run_workloadd_xx-64K.txt` contain requests generated by YCSB-A and YCSB-D workloads with 4 distributions (zipf-0.99, zipf-0.90, latest, uniform), which can be used to run the experiments with 30M/64K slots table on different workloads and distributions (Table Ⅲ).

- `run_18M_zipf-64K.txt` contains a small-scale version whose table slots is 64K for 'run_18M_zipf.txt' used in gerneral 30M slots version, which can be used to run the query experiment with cache (Figure 11(c)).

Note that when using small workloads, we should reduce the stash size of TEA to acquire similar speed results in our paper.

## References

<span id="md-ref-1"></span>
[1] Brian F Cooper, Adam Silberstein, Erwin Tam, Raghu Ramakrishnan, and Russell Sears. Benchmarking cloud serving systems with ycsb. In Proceedings of the 1st ACM symposium on Cloud computing, pages 143–154, 2010.
